mention rate mode setpoint set in doc (#452)
bitcraze/crazyflie-lib-python: docs/user-guides/python_api.md

will make the Crazyflie stop accelerating. After 2 seconds without new
setpoint the Crazyflie will cut power from the motors.

Note that this command implements a motor lock mechanism that is
intended to avoid flyaway when connecting a gamepad. You must send
one command with thrust = 0 in order to unlock the command. This
unlock procedure needs to be repeated if the watchdog described above
kicks-in.

> This the current default behavior, but it is depended on the [Supervisor configuration in the Crazyflie firmware](https://www.bitcraze.io/documentation/repository/crazyflie-firmware/master/functional-areas/supervisor/).

Reviewer: This _is_ the current default behavior, but it is _dependent_ / but it _depends_ on

Author: thanks! You can use suggestions by the way in the reviews. I'm using it now to quickly implement these edits

```suggestion
This the current default behavior, but it depends on the [Supervisor configuration in the Crazyflie firmware](https://www.bitcraze.io/documentation/repository/crazyflie-firmware/master/functional-areas/supervisor/).
```
